readme.md, before:

# Don't Cross the Streams at SDC 2013 #

----------

## Examples ##

Below are some examples of streams in action.  These demonstrate the Streams1 interface as well as Streams2.  In addition, we also have several other streams such as Scuttlebutt.

**Streams Introduction**

- [Why Streams?](https://github.com/mattpodwysocki/SDC2013/blob/master/WhyStreams/readFile.js)
- [Why Not Streams?](https://github.com/mattpodwysocki/SDC2013/blob/master/WhyStreams/JSONStream.js)

**Streams1**

- [Readable Stream](https://github.com/mattpodwysocki/SDC2013/blob/master/Streams1/readable1.js)
- [Writable Stream](https://github.com/mattpodwysocki/SDC2013/blob/master/Streams1/writable1.js)
- [Transform Stream](https://github.com/mattpodwysocki/SDC2013/blob/master/Streams1/transform1.js)

**Streams in Action**

- [beam\-js Simple](https://github.com/mattpodwysocki/SDC2013/blob/master/Beam-JS/simple-usage.js)
- [dnode Yeller](https://github.com/mattpodwysocki/SDC2013/blob/master/dnode/dnode1.js)
- [Scuttlebutt Chat Server](https://github.com/mattpodwysocki/SDC2013/blob/master/Scuttlebutt/chatserver.js)

**Streams2**

- [Readable Stream](https://github.com/mattpodwysocki/SDC2013/blob/master/Streams2/readable2.js)
- [Writable Stream](https://github.com/mattpodwysocki/SDC2013/blob/master/Streams2/writable2.js)
- [Transform Stream](https://github.com/mattpodwysocki/SDC2013/blob/master/Streams2/transform2.js)

## Credits ##

There has been a lot of excellent work around Streams and this presentation couldn't be what it is without the tireless work of:

- Isaac Schlueter
- Substack
- Dominic Tarr
- Nathan Rajlich
- Darach Ennis

## Links ##

Below are some useful links for learning about Streams in Node.js.

- [Stream Handbook](https://github.com/substack/stream-handbook)
- [Harnessing the Awesome Power of Streams](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lQAV3bPOYHo)
- [Writing Custom Streams](https://github.com/dominictarr/presentations/blob/master/writing-custom-streams.md)
- [Streams2](https://github.com/isaacs/readable-stream)
- [JSConf.AU - PAST.pipe(PRESENT).pipe(FUTURE)](http://j.mp/streams2-jsconfau-pdf)

## License ##

Copyright (c) 2013 Matthew Podwysocki

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Added two samples using shoe/browserify

readme.md, after:

# Don't Cross the Streams at SDC 2013 #

----------

## Examples ##

Below are some examples of streams in action.  These demonstrate the Streams1 interface as well as Streams2.  In addition, we also have several other streams such as Scuttlebutt.

**Streams Introduction**

- [Why Streams?](https://github.com/mattpodwysocki/SDC2013/blob/master/WhyStreams/readFile.js)
- [Why Not Streams?](https://github.com/mattpodwysocki/SDC2013/blob/master/WhyStreams/JSONStream.js)

**Streams1**

- [Readable Stream](https://github.com/mattpodwysocki/SDC2013/blob/master/Streams1/readable1.js)
- [Writable Stream](https://github.com/mattpodwysocki/SDC2013/blob/master/Streams1/writable1.js)
- [Transform Stream](https://github.com/mattpodwysocki/SDC2013/blob/master/Streams1/transform1.js)

**Streams in Action**

- [beam\-js Simple](https://github.com/mattpodwysocki/SDC2013/blob/master/Beam-JS/simple-usage.js)
- [dnode Yeller](https://github.com/mattpodwysocki/SDC2013/blob/master/dnode/dnode1.js)
- [Browserify and Shoe](https://github.com/mattpodwysocki/SDC2013/tree/master/shoe)
- [Browserify, dnode and shoe yeller](https://github.com/mattpodwysocki/SDC2013/tree/master/shoe-dnode)
- [Scuttlebutt Chat Server](https://github.com/mattpodwysocki/SDC2013/blob/master/Scuttlebutt/chatserver.js)

**Streams2**

- [Readable Stream](https://github.com/mattpodwysocki/SDC2013/blob/master/Streams2/readable2.js)
- [Writable Stream](https://github.com/mattpodwysocki/SDC2013/blob/master/Streams2/writable2.js)
- [Transform Stream](https://github.com/mattpodwysocki/SDC2013/blob/master/Streams2/transform2.js)

## Credits ##

There has been a lot of excellent work around Streams and this presentation couldn't be what it is without the tireless work of:

- Isaac Schlueter
- Substack
- Dominic Tarr
- Nathan Rajlich
- Darach Ennis

## Links ##

Below are some useful links for learning about Streams in Node.js.

- [Stream Handbook](https://github.com/substack/stream-handbook)
- [Harnessing the Awesome Power of Streams](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lQAV3bPOYHo)
- [Writing Custom Streams](https://github.com/dominictarr/presentations/blob/master/writing-custom-streams.md)
- [Streams2](https://github.com/isaacs/readable-stream)
- [JSConf.AU - PAST.pipe(PRESENT).pipe(FUTURE)](http://j.mp/streams2-jsconfau-pdf)

## License ##

Copyright (c) 2013 Matthew Podwysocki

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
